hi this is Dan Moskowitz in this video
will show off our new simulation engine
glass box and how we're using it to
simulate the water system water delivery
and the effects of pollution throughout
your city keep in mind that this
demonstration is showing off simulation
behavior and not graphics here we are
back in our small town the first thing I
want to show you is the ground water
table this is a simulation map that's
showing where water is on the terrain
the green areas of the train are more
wet and the brown areas are more dry
let's take a look at the water tower
that's supplying water to this town the
water tower is a simple simulation unit
that runs rules to provide your city
with water
every time it pumps you can see it's
playing its animation and it's also
subtracting groundwater out of the water
table map
as it pumps the water that's pulled out
of the ground is repackaged and sent out
as simulation agents that travel down
the pipes looking for water consuming
buildings here's a whole bunch of houses
getting their water for the day the
building's periodically use water and
need to be refreshed meanwhile our
industrial sector has been producing
lots of ground pollution and that ground
pollution has crept over to my water
tower and now when my water tower pumps
water from the ground it's also picking
up some of this ground pollution and
sending out agents carrying germs when
this water is consumed by Sims it causes
sickness six Sims can't work so they
become an economic drain on your city
here we see a group of Sims going home
sick from work thanks for watching